Take it slow.
Yeah.
Oh.
There you go.
Granddad, I think you need a proper checkup.
I mean, why are you back so soon?
It's just the heat is all.
It's nothing serious.
Then why don't you call me all the way out here?
To discuss your wedding.
I can't allow you to marry that vain and shallow girl you call a fiance.
Regina is nothing but trouble.
Granddad, what?
You think I'm too old to have a say in your life?
No, that's not what I'm saying.
Do you disagree?
Of course you don't, because you're smarter than that.
Call off the wedding.
Have someone I'd like to introduce you to.
My savior, in fact.
Savior, the girl who rescued me.
When I collapsed earlier, this young lady took charge and called an ambulance and brought
me back to life.
She's kind and smart and beautiful.
She would make a perfect daughter-in-law for her family.
You should meet her.
Granddad, I'm sorry.
Are you defying me, boy?
Grandpa, hey, just take it easy and sit back down.
Okay, I'll meet this girl.
These kids just need a little guidance.
Hello, Jade.
This is Walter, the silly old man you saved yesterday.
How did you get this number?
I got it from the hospital.
That's not important though.
Where are you now?
I'm at the Lotus Hotel for a business meeting.
I'm afraid I can't talk right now.
I see.
Well, I hope it's going well.
Have a good day, dear.
Lotus.
Isn't that our hotel?
Indeed.
But I'm not seeing any meeting room reservations.
Oh, Mr. Smith is staying there, however.
That let's your old pervert.
She's in trouble.
Call Bruce again.
Tell him to go to the Lotus at once.